c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone.xr.xml
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone.exe
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone.pdb
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone.exe
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone.pdb
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Floors\-1.png
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Floors\0.png
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Floors\1.png
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Floors\2.png
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\Floors\3.png
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.WinRT.dll
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.WinRT.pdb
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.WinRT.xml
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\NawigatorDB.db3
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\NotesPage.xbf
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\SettingsPage.xbf
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NotesPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NotesPage.g.cs
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SettingsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NotesPage.xaml
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SettingsPage.xaml
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\NotesPage.xbf
c:\users\jogurt1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34\NawigatorB34.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\SettingsPage.xbf
